FOR ARCHIVING: Registration form for 'gallo'

---

LANGUAGE SUBTAG REGISTRATION FORM

1. Name of requester: Rembert Eufe
2. E-mail address of requester: rembert.eufe at uni-tuebingen.de

3. Record Requested:

Type: variant
Subtag: gallo
Description: Gallo
Prefix: fr

4. Intended meaning of the subtag:

This subtag denotes the Gallo language, a member of the family of
langues-d'oïl which also includes Standard French.

Gallo is spoken in parts of western France (Haute-Bretagne, Normandie,
and Maine), generally east of the region where Breton is widely spoken.

Like many minority languages of France, the use of Gallo has been
discouraged since the French Revolution in favor of Standard French.

5. Reference to published description of the language (book or article):

Smith, John Charles (2016): "French and northern Gallo-Romance", in
Ledgeway, Adam / Maiden, Martin (edd.): The Oxford Guide to the Romance
Languages, Oxford: Oxford University Press, p. 292-318,
DOI:10.1093/acprof:oso/9780199677108.003.0018.

• In this article, Gallo is mentioned several times as one of the
  Langue-d'Oïl dialects. Cf. also the map on p. 293 which coincides with
  the maps of Northern Gallo-Romance one may find in introductory works
  on Romance languages or French.

Chauveau, Jean-Paul (1984): Le Gallo: une présentation. Brest:
Université de la Bretagne Occidentale.

Chauveau, Jean-Paul (1989): Evolutions phonétiques en Gallo. Paris:
Centre National de la Recherche Scientifique.

Angoujard, Jean-Pierre (2008): Autour du gallo. États des lieux,
analyses et perspectives. Actes de la 1re Journée d'Études Gallèses,
Nantes, 29 juin 2007. Rennes: Presses Universitaires de Rennes.

Auffray, Régis (2007): Le petit Matao. Rennes: Rue des Scribes.

Raude, Alan-Joseph. "Écrire le gallo." Rennes: Bertaeyn Galeizz, 1993,
pp. 13-20.
(a reference to the ELG orthography; see below)

Association des Enseignants de Gallo, Academie de Rennes. "L'Ecriture
ABCD." http://gallo-es-ecole.net/_media/ens/ecriture_abcd.pdf. Retrieved
2021-08-04.
(a reference to the ABCD orthography; see below)

https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gallo_language (English Wikipedia)

https://fr.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gallo (French Wikipedia)

https://www.omniglot.com/writing/gallo.htm

http://www.academie-du-gallo.bzh/ADG/site-fr/norm/norm-bases.html
(a comment from the Gallo Academy on the state of formal documentation
of the ABCD and ELG orthographies; see below)

6. Any other relevant information:

There are several competing Gallo orthographies, due partly to regional
differences in pronunciation and partly to the suppression of regional
languages in France generally, which discouraged the establishment of a
single common orthography.

These orthographies can be categorized in different ways: some are based
on historical spellings of Gallo, while others are attempts to create a
new system from scratch; some are influenced by Standard French
orthography, while others implement a strictly phonetic system; some
admit alternative spellings corresponding to differing regional
pronunciation, while others offer a single unified spelling for a given
word.

The most prevalent Gallo orthographies are ELG ("écrire le gallo,"
roughly "Gallo writing"), developed in 1978 by Alan-Joseph Raude, and
ABCD (named for its inventors), developed in 2009. ELG is based on
medieval Gallo texts and employs a single spelling for each word, while
ABCD shows more influence from French and allows writers to write the
same word differently, depending on regional pronunciation.

An example of ELG spelling, given in the French Wikipedia article, is
Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights:

  "Le mondd véenant sur la terr libr trestóz et s’antrvalant an dreits é
  an dignitaé. Il lór apartéent d’aveir de la raezon é de la conscéencz
  et il ont de s’antranchevir com feraent dez fraerr an confraeriy."

Other orthographies for Gallo are Aneit, MOGA (from which ABCD was
derived), Vantyé, and Deriano.
