   Internet Assigned Numbers Authority

                                                          Level of Assurance (LoA) Profiles

   Created
           2012-05-18

   Last Updated
           2023-02-03

   Available Formats
           [IMG]
           XML [IMG]
           HTML [IMG]
           Plain text

   Registry included below

     * Level of Assurance Profiles

Level of Assurance Profiles

   Registration Procedure(s)

 Expert Review

   Expert(s)

 John Bradley, Joni Brennan, Leif Johansson, Lucy Lynch

   Reference
           [RFC6711]

   Available Formats
           [IMG]
           CSV

                      URI                                  Name                                              Informational URI                                             Reference                                    Context Class
http://id.sambi.se/loa/loa2                     sambi.se-loa2               [https://www.sambi.se/sambi-loa]                                                    [Stefan_Halén-sambi.se]          sambi.se-loa2/sambi.se-loa2.xsd
http://id.sambi.se/loa/loa3                     sambi.se-loa3               [https://www.sambi.se/sambi-loa]                                                    [Stefan_Halén-sambi.se]          sambi.se-loa3/sambi.se-loa3.xsd
http://id.sambi.se/loa/loa4                     sambi.se-loa4               [https://www.sambi.se/sambi-loa]                                                    [Stefan_Halén-sambi.se]          sambi.se-loa4/sambi.se-loa4.xsd
http://id.skolfederation.se/loa/loa2            skolfederation.se-loa2      [https://www.skolfederation.se/skolfederation-loa]                                  [Stefan_Halén-skolfederation.se] skolfederation.se-loa2/skolfederation.se-loa2.xsd
http://id.skolfederation.se/loa/loa3            skolfederation.se-loa3      [https://www.skolfederation.se/skolfederation-loa]                                  [Stefan_Halén-skolfederation.se] skolfederation.se-loa3/skolfederation.se-loa3.xsd
http://id.skolfederation.se/loa/bas             skolfederation.se-bas       [https://www.skolfederation.se/skolfederation-loa]                                  [Stefan_Halén-skolfederation.se] skolfederation.se-bas/skolfederation.se-bas.xsd
http://id.incommon.org/assurance/bronze         InC-Bronze                  [http://assurance.incommon.org]                                                     [Ann_West]                       InC-Bronze/InC-Bronze.xsd
http://id.incommon.org/assurance/silver         InC-Silver                  [http://assurance.incommon.org]                                                     [Ann_West]                       InC-Silver/InC-Silver.xsd
http://id.skolfederation.se/loa/2fa             skolfederation.se-2fa       [https://www.skolfederation.se/skolfederation-loa]                                  [Stefan_Halén-skolfederation.se] skolfederation.se-2fa/skolfederation.se-2fa.xsd
http://www.swamid.se/policy/assurance/al1       SWAMID-AL1                  [https://www.swamid.se/policy/assurance/al1]                                        [Pål_Axelsson]                   SWAMID-AL1/SWAMID-AL1.xsd
http://www.swamid.se/policy/assurance/al2       SWAMID-AL2                  [https://www.swamid.se/policy/assurance/al2]                                        [Pål_Axelsson]                   SWAMID-AL2/SWAMID-AL2.xsd
https://refeds.org/sirtfi                       Sirtfi                      [https://refeds.org/sirtfi]                                                         [H._Short]                       Sirtfi/Sirtfi.xsd
https://igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/aspen       IGTF-ASPEN                  [https://www.igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/]                                          [David_Groep]                    IGTF-ASPEN/IGTF-ASPEN.xsd
https://igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/birch       IGTF-BIRCH                  [https://www.igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/]                                          [David_Groep]                    IGTF-BIRCH/IGTF-BIRCH.xsd
https://igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/cedar       IGTF-CEDAR                  [https://www.igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/]                                          [David_Groep]                    IGTF-CEDAR/IGTF-CEDAR.xsd
https://igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/dogwood     IGTF-DOGWOOD                [https://www.igtf.net/ap/authn-assurance/]                                          [David_Groep]                    IGTF-DOGWOOD/IGTF-DOGWOOD.xsd
https://www.hkaf.edu.hk/policy/assurance/idal1  HKAF-IDAL1                  [https://www.hkaf.edu.hk/compliance/hkaf-identity-assurance-framework]              [Jonathan_Cheng]                 idal1.hkaf-edu-hk/idal1.hkaf-edu-hk.xsd
http://id.ubiqu.com/eidas/high                  ubiqu-eidas-high-credential [https://ubiqu.com/eidas/]                                                          [Boris_Goranov]                  ubiqu-eidas-high-credential/ubiqu-eidas-high-credential.xsd
https://refeds.org/profile/sfa                  REFEDS-SFA                  [https://refeds.org/profile/sfa]                                                    [Jule_Ziegler]                   REFEDS-SFA/REFEDS-SFA.xsd
https://refeds.org/profile/mfa                  REFEDS-MFA                  [https://refeds.org/profile/mfa]                                                    [Jule_Ziegler]                   REFEDS-MFA/REFEDS-MFA.xsd
https://refeds.org/assurance/profile/cappuccino RAF-Cappuccino              [https://refeds.org/assurance]                                                      [Jule_Ziegler]                   RAF-Cappuccino/RAF-Cappuccino.xsd
https://refeds.org/assurance/profile/espresso   RAF-Espresso                [https://refeds.org/assurance]                                                      [Jule_Ziegler]                   RAF-Espresso/RAF-Espresso.xsd
http://eidas.europa.eu/LoA/low                  eidas-loa-low               [https://ec.europa.eu/cefdigital/wiki/display/CEFDIGITAL/eIDAS+Levels+of+assurance] [Carlos_Gómez]                   eidas-loa-low/eidas-loa-low.xsd
http://eidas.europa.eu/LoA/substantial          eidas-loa-substantial       [https://ec.europa.eu/cefdigital/wiki/display/CEFDIGITAL/eIDAS+Levels+of+assurance] [Carlos_Gómez]                   eidas-loa-substantial/eidas-loa-substantial.xsd
http://eidas.europa.eu/LoA/high                 eidas-loa-high              [https://ec.europa.eu/cefdigital/wiki/display/CEFDIGITAL/eIDAS+Levels+of+assurance] [Carlos_Gómez]                   eidas-loa-high/eidas-loa-high.xsd
http://www.swamid.se/policy/assurance/al3       SWAMID-AL3                  [https://www.swamid.se/policy/assurance/al3]                                        [Pål_Axelsson]                   SWAMID-AL3/SWAMID-AL3.xsd

                                                                 Contact Information

                  ID                     Name                  Contact URI              Last Updated
   [Ann_West]                       Ann West       mailto:admin&incommon.org            2014-03-14
   [Boris_Goranov]                  Boris Goranov  mailto:boris.goranov&ubiqu.com       2019-08-28
   [Carlos_Gómez]                   Carlos Gómez   mailto:cnect-h4&ec.europa.eu         2020-08-14
   [David_Groep]                    David Groep    mailto:registry&igtf.net             2017-10-26
   [H._Short]                       H. Short       mailto:sirtfi&lists.refeds.org       2016-05-19
   [Jonathan_Cheng]                 Jonathan Cheng mailto:hkaf-admin&jucc.edu.hk        2018-02-12
   [Jule_Ziegler]                   Jule Ziegler   mailto:loa-registry&lists.refeds.org 2019-11-01
   [Pål_Axelsson]                   Pål Axelsson   mailto:operations&swamid.se          2016-01-14
   [Stefan_Halén-sambi.se]          Stefan Halén   mailto:info&sambi.se                 2015-12-24
   [Stefan_Halén-skolfederation.se] Stefan Halén   mailto:info&skolfederation.se        2015-04-16

   Licensing Terms
